Here it is.
What's this?
What?
He was wearing a black
cap and a black mask.
Do you know...
he was convicted for assault...
and was hospitalized in
a mental institute before?
No.
It can't be.
It's can't be you, Jae Hyun.
Soo Jin.
What's wrong?
Jae Hyun.
What is this bag?
This one?
It's my gym bag.
Okay.
Jae Hyun.
What is it?
Keep going.
Well... It's nothing.
What's wrong?
It's nothing. Really...
What are you thinking?
You don't look good.
I... I'm sorry.
- Well... - Let's go home.
He had a long scar...
on his wrist...
like this one.
The piece of a key chain he found...
at the crime scene matches my key chain.
It seems like he thinks...
- I'm the assailant. - He was wearing...
a black cap and a black mask.
Right.
I was going to do something in the kitchen.
What was it?
When we go to England,
let's go to where we had our dates.
Let's go walking in Hyde Park...
and go to Portobello Market.
Sure. Let's do that.
We'll spend a great time there.
Jae Hyun.
What time will we leave here?
We should eat before we head out.
What should we have?
I should've got some groceries.
I'll go now.
We can eat out.
Don't worry about it.
Can we?
You're right.
I should do the dishes. I...
need to finish this.
- Do you want me to help? - No, Jae Hyun...
I can do it...
Jae Hyun.
I'll just do it.
Jae Hyun, go take a shower.
You went in to take a shower.
Why did you come back out?
You'll finish faster if we do it together.
After you shower,
get your underwear...
and the clothes you'll bring to England.
England is cooler than Seoul, right?
Get long-sleeved shirts and cardigan.
- All right. - Okay.
Soo Jin.
Kang Soo Jin.
Anyway, anyone can see that you were wrong.
So you need to apologize to Jae Hyun...
and to Soo Jin.
(My Precious)
(Jae Hyun)
Soo Jin. You must not trust this guy.
He's dangerous.
(Pil)
Pil.
I don't think I can see you anymore.
No, I won't see you anymore.
What am I going to do?
What should I do?
A bottle of soju?
Okay.
Soo Jin, what brings you here?
Jin Sook, can we talk?
Hey, is something wrong?
Excuse me. One more bottle of sake, please.
Yes, sir!
I'll be right back.
Please stay here.
It'll only be a minute.
- Here you go. - Thanks.
Excuse me!
- What? - Excuse me.
Mom, I'm here.
Hey, Soo Jin.
Jae Hyun. Soo Jin is here.
Yes, Mother.
Sir, please step on it.
Soo Jin.
(My Precious)
Hello? Soo Jin.
Pil.
Please help me.
I'm really scared.
Soo Jin, where are you?
Pil!
Soo Jin.
She's meeting that punk again?
Soo Jin, wake up. Soo Jin.
Soo Jin!
What?
I...
I ran over Soo Jin?
Hey.
Soo Jin.
Soo Jin!
I won't let you die like this.
I'll...
I'll do whatever it takes to save you.
Soo Jin, don't die.
Wait here.
Soo Jin.
Soo Jin...
What happened to Soo Jin?
She went to the OR just now.
What?
How badly is she injured?
She's unconscious.
My goodness.
What should we do?
It's all right. She's going to be all right.
Mother.
What do you mean she got into an accident?
What happened?
Jae Hyun.
Soo Jin was a victim of a hit-and-run.
She came to the house,
but she didn't come in...
and went to see him...
and got into an accident.
You punk.
You went after Soo Jin all your life.
You ended up causing trouble.
Bring back Soo Jin.
I said bring her back!
Why on earth did she...
go to see you?
She called me.
As soon as I met her, she got hit before my eyes.
Did you catch the culprit?
- No. - What a scum.
How could they run away after hitting a person?
That horrible scum.
What should we do? Gosh, Soo Jin...
Suction.
Why won't Soo Jin answer her phone?
She seemed like she came here to say something.
Jin Sook!
Jin Sook.
Seok Tae, what's wrong?
Soo Jin...
was a victim of a hit-and-run.
What?
We operated on her physical injuries,
but the problem is that she's still unconscious.
We'll have to see how she recovers.
Let's go.
Honey.
What should we do?
My poor Soo Jin.
She'll wake up for certain.
She'll wake up.
Honey.
Don't think that she'll stay like this forever.
Think on the bright side.
Soo Jin.
So why...
did you suspect me?
You should've trusted me when I denied it.
Hey, Pil.
How is Soo Jin?
I heard they finished the surgery.
She's still unconscious.
Oh, no. Poor Soo Jin.
This is terrible.
Why did you go to see her by the way?
She called me and asked for my help.
Help for what?
I'm not sure.
It sounded very urgent.
Soo Jin came to see me a while ago.
She looked so serious then.
I should've listened to her when she came to me.
Only if I had told her to stay,
she wouldn't have gotten into the accident.
It's my fault.
It's not your fault. Don't think of it that way.
You're all here.
Jae Hyun, you must've been surprised.
I still can't believe it.
We promised to go to England together tomorrow.
How could she...
Soo Jin will wake up soon.
Let's try to be positive.
Yes, we should.
They said she needs rest now,
so go in later.
Okay.
Pil, where are you going?
What's wrong with him?
He might cause trouble if we don't stop him.
Let's follow him.
Please.
Please take me there.
I need to save her.
Please.
Please take me to before the accident.
Why doesn't it work?
Please work. Please.
Hey, Pil.
- Hey. - Stop.
What are you doing?
Stop already.
Soo Jin is unconscious in the hospital.
But there's nothing I can do for her.
She's in a critical state,
but I'm not of any help.
We feel the same.
You're not the only one who's frustrated.
Go catch the culprit when you have time for this.
What's the use in catching the culprit?
It won't make her wake up.
Seok Tae.
I can't live if something happens to Soo Jin.
Can you please let me open up this manhole?
Seok Tae.
- Goodness. - Let me...
Please let me have a chance to save her.
I ask of you.
Seok Tae.
I beg you. Please.
Hey, wait.
Why would you break the manhole?
To save Soo Jin?
What are you talking about?
I ask of you, please.
What can we do to save Soo Jin?
I have to save her.
Seok Tae.
What am I going to do?
Goodness, Mr. Park. Hello.
What brings you here?
Thank you for your hard work.
Did you find any leads on the hit-and-run?
Well, it happened in a very remote place.
We couldn't find many security footages.
We're looking into footage from another angle,
but that place had too much traffic,
so it's hard to see which is the perpetrator.
- Is that so? - The case..
Has been handed over to the police detectives,
so we have to wait and see what they come up with.
We're also looking for any eyewitnesses.
We'll call you as soon as we have a lead.
Don't worry.
Anyway.
How is your wife dong?
She's still unconscious. Here.
- Oh, it's all right. - No.
Thank you for the thought.
Goodbye, then.
Sure.
I was the one who said nothing bad...
will ever happen to you.
I should've been hit by the car instead of you.
I should've saved you.
Soo Jin.
I don't mind if you get angry at me.
I don't care if you don't consider me as a friend.
No.
I don't mind even if you don't wish to see me.
I just need you to wake up again.
I ask of you.
What are you doing here?
I came to see how she's doing.
I would like you to never come here,
since she has me.
Yesterday,
Soo Jin called me and asked me for help.
Do you know anything about that?
How would I know? She called you, not me.
If she was desperate enough to ask me for help,
shouldn't you know what it is as her husband?
So what?
Are you blaming me for not being a good husband?
If she was in such an emergency,
why would she call me instead of her husband?
I just thought that was very odd.
I'm curious too.
I wonder what kind of help she wanted to get.
You can ask her yourself once she wakes up.
Will you please leave?
Seok Tae.
I can't live if something happens to Soo Jin.
Can you please let me open up this manhole?
Seok Tae.
- Goodness. - Hey.
Please let me have a chance to save her.
I ask of you.
Seok Tae.
I beg you. Please.
What's really happening with it is that...
Excuse me, sir, I have something to ask.
What is it?
Well, it's about...
the manhole we closed up three months ago.
I would like to do a reconstruction on it.
All of a sudden? Why?
Well...
Someone wanted us to open it up again.
May we perform another construction?
I thought people said...
they wanted it closed because of weird sounds.
Do they want to open it up this time?
- My goodness. - I guess so.
Here.
Seok Tae.
Did he disapprove?
He did.
What will Pil do now?
He thinks the only way...
he can save her is by getting into that manhole.
It's really absurd...
how we're stressing over this unbelievable story.
But if only Pil can really travel through time...
through that manhole to save her,
I'd break it open for him.
Yes, some people grant wishes for the dead.
Why wouldn't I do that for my friend who's alive?
Jin Sook, let's open that thing up.
- What? - He does sound crazy,
but there's nothing else we can do for Soo Jin.
I mean, when people get desperate,
they go and worship at temples...
or pray at churches.
Let's give it a chance.
(NU Hospital)
What will happen to Soo Jin?
I didn't even know this happened.
You should've called me.
I thought you didn't care about us anymore.
That makes no sense.
I'm a part of this family too.
I heard you got into an incident too.
- Are you all right? - Can't you tell?
I've been all right for some time.
Everyone should live happily.
Why do things like this keep on happening?
Hey.
I heard you ordered juice from Jung Ae.
Yes.
Did you think you would be forgiven...
for what you did to her...
just because you bought some juice from her?
I didn't do that to be forgiven.
Ordering juice isn't a grand gesture.
Hey, let me ask you one thing.
Why did you leave her?
I thought she would be unhappy...
if she stayed with me.
As long as I am still my mom's son,
as long as I can't cut off ties with her,
I didn't think I could make her happy.
That's nothing but an excuse.
You just did not love her enough, that's all.
You just...
ran away because you were afraid.
Yes.
I suppose you might be right.
If you were in my situation,
you would've protected her until the end.
I always knew...
that you loved her much more than I did.
I knew that she would be...
much happier if she was with you.
It's...
too late for me to make her happy in this life.
I hope you can...
make Jung Ae happy.
Jae Hyun, you're here.
Didn't Jung Ae come here?
No, she didn't.
You're doing so much to care for Soo Jin.
Not at all. I'm happy to do it.
Jae Hyun.
I'll stay here.
You should go home and get some rest.
Okay. Thank you.
I'll go get changed and come back.
- All right. - Okay.
Soo Jin. I'll be right back.
I'll be back soon.
- Aren't I heavy? - No.
You're light as a feather, Jin Sook.
Thanks for saying that.
Move faster.
We're almost there. Please don't rush me.
What?
How many bowls of rice did you eat earlier?
Hey, Pil!
Are you still at this?
Why are you here?
Shouldn't you be at work?
Hey, we're here to help your crazy idea.
What's that?
I'm not...
helping you because I believe you travel time,
but because I'm touched...
by how desperately you're trying to save Soo Jin.
I could get fired for this.
That's right.
Get out of the way.
Gosh. Let's see.
- Okay. - How should we do this?
Shall we start?
Hey! Pil!
Why aren't you answering your phone?
- Goo Gil. - Goo Gil.
Hey, I have something to tell you.
What is it?
- Come with me. - What is it?
It's nothing.
Hurry up. Follow me.
- What? - We have to dig this.
What's it about?
Hurry up.
What is it?
I don't know if I should say this.
Should I tell you or not?
What is it?
Don't be shocked, okay?
Remember how I told you...
I saw a scar on the assailant's wrist?
Yes.
Gosh, this is crazy.
What is it, Goo Gil?
Today...
I saw Jae Hyun's wrist.
He had the same scar.
Is that true?
Yes.
Everyone has a scar, right?
But why does he have...
the same scar on his left wrist?
It can't be him, can it?
There is too much evidence that says otherwise.
The broken key chain.
The scar on the wrist.
They can't be all coincidences.
- You're right, but... - He's the assailant.
I'm sure of it.
Hey, where are you going?
He's with Soo Jin.
How can I stay put?
Goo Gil, thank you.
Should I have kept quiet?
Is he going to cause trouble again?
What is it this time?
You and I need to talk.
Follow me.
What are you doing?
You shameless dirt bag!
How dare you stay with Soo Jin?
What are you saying?
The assault victim saw the scar on your wrist.
Who did?
Did Goo Gil say that?
Now you and your friends...
are outright trying to frame me.
We'll see about that.
What are you doing?
What happened?
I got hurt earlier. Why?
Is that a problem?
You did this...
because you knew Goo Gil saw your scar.
I'm speechless.
Don't drag me into your crazy speculation.
Think whatever you want.
If you hit me again,
it won't be over with just a suspension.
Think before you act.
You're a civil servant.
Soo Jin's life is hanging by a thread,
but you're talking nonsense.
You're really pathetic.
I see why Soo Jin...
said she won't see you again.
If you're a police officer,
you should bring a solid proof.
All right?
The proof you talked about.
I'll bring that proof and show you,
so just wait.
I...
will expose you for who you really are.
- Officer Bong. - Hi.
- You shouldn't be here. - There are no tissues...
Hey, Officer Bong. What are you doing here?
Don't you remember?
You can't be here until your suspension is over.
Sir.
You still have the surveillance video, right?
Hey, Officer Bong.
Sir.
I must catch him.
We're police officers too. You aren't the only one.
- Go home and wait. - Sir!
Why you...
Please, sir.
If you say it like that...
This is...
him.
Evidence.
I need to find evidence that he is Park Jae Hyun.
Hey, I don't think drilling will work.
By the way, why aren't they coming?
Guys!
What?
Gosh. Oh Dal Soo?
Dal Soo, what brings you here?
I hear you need help.
Long time no see.
Anyway,
what are you doing here?
Can't you see? We're drilling.
We're making Pil's wish come true.
What wish?
Time travel?
Are you doing this because you believe him?
Do you really believe in what Pil said?
My goodness.
My gosh, we don't believe him.
We're trying to believe him, you idiot.
Do you think we know anything?
We're just doing whatever we can to wake Soo Jin up.
Hey, Seok Tae.
Do you think drilling will work?
With this it'll take like 10 years.
Then what?
Hey, Dal Soo.
Honey.
Honey!
Soo Jin just moved her finger.
What are you talking about?
Soo Jin.
Can you hear me?
Jae Hyun. Soo Jin is awake.
Soo Jin, can you hear me?
Do you recognize me?
Soo Jin, can you recognize us?
Yes.
Where...
Where am I?
Do you remember about the accident?
The accident?
No.
I don't remember anything.
It's okay. As long as you recognize us, it's okay.
- That's right. - Honey, call the doctor.
Right, okay. Let's go.
Here.
It's fortunate.
Now that she's awake, you can be assured.
We just need to watch how she recovers...
from her injuries.
By the way,
it seems like she can't remember the accident.
Are you sure there aren't other problems?
Some patients suffer short-term memory loss...
due to the shock of their accident.
They eventually regain their memory after time,
so don't worry too much.
That's good to hear.
Don't force her to regain her memory.
Make sure that she can rest completely.
- Okay. - Sure.
Honey.
Pil.
Soo Jin.
Are you okay?
Can you remember anything now?
Where are my parents?
I told them to get something to eat.
They starved all day long.
I see.
That's good.
Soo Jin.
Can't you remember...
anything about the accident?
No.
I don't.
How much do you remember?
Well...
That we promised to go on a trip to England.
And...
that I found...
the tickets for our flight in your suit pocket.
So...
you don't remember anything after that?
No.
Jae Hyun.
What happened?
Nothing. Don't worry about it.
Let's forget all the bad memories.
Let's get some rest first.
Okay.
I'll get some sleep.
I'm so sleepy.
Okay, go ahead.
Okay.
The proof you talked about.
I'll bring that proof and show you,
so just wait.
I...
will expose you for who you really are.
Excuse me.
You shouldn't move around.
Go back in your room.
You just had an operation.
Excuse me.
I'm really sorry,
but can I make a phone call?
I have some urgent matters to take care of.
It's very urgent.
Hello?
Pil.
Are you Soo Jin?
Yes.
I just woke up.
I'm calling you in secret.
Please come here quickly.
I have something to tell you.
Okay, I'll go to your room right now.
No.
Let's meet in front of the hospital.
Okay.
Turn green. Hurry.
Soo Jin.
Why is she outside?
Soo Jin. What's wrong with you?
Soo Jin.
Kang Soo Jin!
(Emergency Stairs)
Soo Jin.
Hey, be careful.
Hey, Goo Gil. How much longer will it take?
You need to hurry. People might report us.
Okay, man.
When did Goo Gil learn to do this?
Didn't he say he served in the army with this?
If you think about it, he's a talented man.
Hey, Kang Soo Jin!
Don't come near me.
You.
You remember everything, don't you?
You remember...
everything that happened before the accident.
Don't come near.
Go away, Jae Hyun.
Then...
why did you lie to me?
Why?
I can explain everything.
I think there is some kind of a misunderstanding.
We need to talk.
Come on.
Soo Jin.
Yes.
I remember everything.
The person who hit me with a car.
That was you, Jae Hyun.
So go away.
I said, go away.
Don't come near me!
Soo Jin!
Pil.
Soo Jin.
Come here.
Come to me.
It's open.
- It's open. - He did it.
- He did it. - It worked.
- Goo Gil, it worked. - That's awesome.
Success.
Hey, wait.
Now that we opened this,
what do we have to do?
I don't know.
You're right.
- Pil didn't tell us. - What?
Hey.
Don't you come near us.
Let go of me.
I'm telling you, let go of her.
Let go of her.
This is all because of you.
If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't be here.
Get lost.
Unless you want to see her die because of you.
Do you remember what I said?
I said I'll expose you for who you really are.
Everything is over.
Give up.
Is that so?
Is everything over?
Then we'll end this all together.
Hey, have we been...
opening this without knowing the next step?
I'm sure he told you something.
I don't. He just wanted me to open this up.
He didn't tell me what I should do.
Should I call him?
Hurry up and call him.
Goodness.
What's going on?
What?
What's this?
- What's going on? - Goodness.
I have no idea.
Soo Jin.
Don't come near me.
If you do,
I'll jump.
Soo Jin, no.
It's too dangerous. Come down.
Don't come near me.
- Don't! - Soo Jin!
What just happened?
- Did you just see that? - Yes.
What was that?
What... What was that?
Who saw that?
Did you both see that?
Yes.
What was that?
Goodness.
Hey.
That was weird.
What?
Where am I?
What happened?
I'm sure I went through that manhole.
Soo Jin!